Specials
San Francisco, Bernal Heights
Military Family Deal:

Active and retired military, and their families, save 20% when booking a three or more day stay at the Landon Hotel in lovely Bernal Heights, San Francisco. Book by August 1st, 2015.
Bring Fido:

Bring your travel-loving canine to our pet-friendly Bernal Heights Landon Hotel, and see why San Francisco is a dog's paradise, with endless activities and locations that cater to canines. You'll save 10% just for bringing Fido, and there are no hidden pet fees. Book by April 30th, 2014.
Meeting Mondays:

The new Bernal Heights conference room is just the place for your corporate meetings, and if you book for three or more consecutive days, that include a Monday, you'll receive Monday free. Book by September 15th, 2014.
London, West End
Theatre Package:

Theatre lovers can enjoy two free tickets to a West End theater production of their choice, when booking a weekend stay at the West End Landon. Tickets are mezzanine level and are limited to available productions at the time of booking. Book by August 1st, 2015.
Shopper's Paradise:

Oxford, Regent, and Bond Streets have some of the best shopping in the world, and all are just a tube stop away when you stay at the West End Landon. And, if you book a minimum of five days, you'll get a bonus gift certificate worth $125 to use in the boutique of your choice, based on participating vendors at time of booking. Book by November 2015.
Hong Kong, Kwun Tong
Spa Holiday:

The Hong Kong is home to a half-dozen world-renowned spas, some tucked away in skyscrapers, others in beachside retreats. You can have your pick of a one-day Spa Holiday if you book a five-consecutive night stay during the months of February through April. Book by November 1, 2014.
Leisure and Luxury:

Stay at the Landon Hotel in the Kwun Tong District and you'll have both leisure and luxury at your fingertips. Play a complimentary round of golf and enjoy a complimentary seaweed body wrap and massage, if you book a weekend stay by August 1st , 2015.
Paris, Latin Quarter
Sweet Deal:

Paris is renowned for its delectable pastries and other dessert creations by the most highly skilled chefs in the world. If you book a weekend stay by February 28th, 2015 you'll receive a complimentary dessert tray every night of your stay. Be prepared for a sweet feast!
Spiritual Walk:

The Latin Quarter is the place to tour some of the world's oldest churches and monasteries. You can enjoy a complimentary church walking tour for two, guided by an entertaining and enlightening guide, if you book a weekend stay by March 1, 2015.
Holiday Package:

Spend the winter holidays in Paris and enjoy festivity and fine food under a star-filled winter sky. You'll receive 15% off your hotel accommodations, if you reserve for 7 consecutive nights in December 2014 or January 2015. Book by October 30th, 2014.